inst/app/www/comparison_help.md, before:

#### Comparison Help

Select a sensor to compare to the nearest reference site by clicking on the map
or by using the drop down menus in the panel on the left, then select a date 
range of interest.

The plots below the map illustrate how well the sensor and nearest reference 
site (with continuous PM2.5) agree with each other (in the ‘Sensor-Monitor 
Correlation’ plot) and how the trends between the sensor and the reference 
site compare (in the ‘Sensor-Monitor Comparison’ plot). Note the distance 
between the reference site location and the sensor location by viewing the map 
and stated difference in the Title of the Sensor-Monitor Comparison plot.

Statistically, a slope close to 1.0 indicates that the low-cost sensor and the 
reference site are reflecting similar levels. A slope greater than 1.0 indicates 
that higher values are seen at the regulatory monitoring site and vice-versa for a
slope of less than 1.0. The intercept can be an indicator of bias. The 
coefficient of determination R2 tells us how well the trends agree between the 
two sites; an R2 closer to 1.0 indicates more agreement and an R2 closer to 0.0 
indicates less agreement.

The sensor status table provides insight into how well the sensor is functioning. 
For example, if the percent of data recovered is small, then this may be an 
indication of a performance issue with the sensor.

Commit message:

updated changelog and help text

inst/app/www/comparison_help.md, after:

#### Comparison Help

Select a sensor to compare to the nearest reference site by clicking on the map or by using the drop down menus in the panel on the left, then select a date range of interest.

The plots below the map illustrate similarities and differences between the data from the sensor and the nearest reference site (with continuous PM2.5). Note, the distance between the reference site location and the sensor location by viewing the map and as stated in the title of the “Sensor/Monitor Comparison” plot. When comparing these two datasets, consider the distance, the topography, and local sources – all of these factors can help to drive differences and similarities in the data from the two sites.

In terms of the statistics, a slope close to 1.0 indicates that the low-cost sensor and the reference site are reflecting similar levels. A slope greater than 1.0 indicates that higher values are seen at the regulatory monitoring site and vice-versa for a slope of less than 1.0. The intercept can be an indicator of bias. The coefficient of determination R2 tells us how well the trends agree between the two sites; an R2 closer to 1.0 indicates more agreement and an R2 closer to 0.0 indicates less agreement.

The table showing the number of measurements and percent of the data recovered provides insight into how well the sensor is functioning. For example, if the percent of data recovered is small, then this may be an indication of an issue with the sensor.
